---
layout: post
title: Wedding Day
subtitle: Where and what
cover-img: /assets/img/douliana.JPG
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/appt.png
---


This is a preliminary plan, there will likely be updates as we go along. Bear with us.

Ceremony
=

Where
--------
Our ceremony and pre-drinks/snacks will be held at the 'aloni' in Douliana. The exact location of this is a mystery, and ancient Greeks believe that finding it is only achievable when two Stelios (demi-gods of music and historical wisdom) collide... or you can just follow this [link: https://goo.gl/maps/hQUZJ11dQnUgBKrFA](https://goo.gl/maps/hQUZJ11dQnUgBKrFA) or google/search the coordinates : 35.42687504886799,24.188079859908814 . After the ceremony, we will have some drinks before Sarah and I take off with Msgt. Horn for wedding pics somewhere else before the sun sets and we have to listen to him explain why lighting is the most important thing ever.....EVER.

When
--------
The time of this is late afternoon going into evening hours (we're still ironing out some details). First, you'll all want to take your time getting ready, having breakfast, freaking Sarah and I out with last minute questions, recovering from the night before (we learned our lesson from Bjorn and Simona's wedding...we are trying to avoid any of you being us in that situation). Trust us...it wasn't pretty.

Reception and Dinner
=

Where
--------
The reception and dinner will be held at Taverna Douliana (surprised?). A lot of you will be staying next to it while you're here, and I am sure we will go there with you beforehand. Yanni and Yanna (the owners, and we've probably spelled that wrong) are great people and we'll be forcing them to hang out with us as well. You won't need the link, but [here it is anyhow](https://goo.gl/maps/zXeUabCVM49sjhjZ8) (coordinates: 35.430055038720276, 24.19166960335953 )

When
--------
About 1900 - we'll have more details closer to the date. You're free to go there anytime after the ceremony, but we will likely take about an hour to get there (given our aforementioned running around bit). Apparently the hour before sunset is considered 'the golden hour' - and if any of you have seen when Msgt Horn doesn't get his way, no. Plus we only get one stab at this. 

After party
=
There is only one party, we will be turning it into an afterpart over the course of the night. 

Notes
=

Dress
--------

Ceremony -- Dress/Casual

Dinner -- up to you, literally

Randoms
--------
The taverna is next to some villas which none of us rented out - so there is the small chance they will complain about the noise...but we will possibly invite said annoyed persons to drink with us to nip that. There will be people who are at the dinner who weren't at the ceremony - this has a somewhat to do with the fact that the original location we had was not enough for many people, so we decided to keep it intimate. We've relaxed that one. So, unless you see Dan telling Bjorn or Felix to check a guest, they're friends...we hope. Or they will be.



