---
layout: post
title: Knot tied
subtitle: What can we say?
cover-img: /assets/img/wday.jpg
thumbnail-img: /assets/img/info.png
---

What can we say?
====

(Dan writing on behlaf of both of us - because I ought to have done a speech, but I shy from public speaking. Take the tone of this as jovial and sentimental): 

First of all, for those who could not make it, this is the 'website' we've been tormenting those who could make it with for the better part of the process - we leave it here for you to look at for guidance on our internal workings. We didn't share it with you because we didn't think you'd want to get cluttered up with the organising emails -- in actuality I had my own anxieties of *everyone* seeing any panic-process (of which there was absolutey none) :) . Also, some people fell off of emails over the course of progress, and I (Dan) take the blame for this solely. 


On that note...THANK YOU, to everyone, and especially to those of you who put in the work (in more ways than we can name) to put us over the line - All of Esmigia for their support (an entire year of hearing about this, we know why you came - verification :) ), our neighbours (Louise, Manolis, Paula, Phil, Jeanette), Glenn & Colette, Georgia, Sara, Felix, Jess, Nina, Hai, Sophia, Maria, Benjamin, Jonathan, Eva-Maria & Gabriel, Melissa, Bjorn & Simona+kids (voluntarily, no forced child labour), Adria & Alina & Martha, Sarah & Stephen, Ian & Pauline (who came through big time), and last and by absolutely no means least - Niki & Curt, and Melissa (who put in work above and beyond anything we can repay - manualy, emotionally, and strategically).  To Eva-Maria and Gabriel with the last-minutes and Sarah's semi-secret hen-do (call out to Melissa again) - there were clearly no strippers there...). Solo and Tiffany, where to start - over drinks. Benjamin - the absolute hit of the night, pure love and happiness that one.

To Bjorn and Curt who put in their logistic expertise, riding everywhere and anywhere with me, and helping me move a stag-do more times than a game of backgammon (Sorry Jason - also credit for pushing that on). Tony and the relies for getting the pleats down from Scotland. Melissa, Pauline, Eva and Niki for having Sarah's back through this whole process (you kept my beautiful bride's heart and soul together more than you know). A huge thank you to Paula and Brenda who made an *absolutely beautiful dress* come to life out of the kindness of their hearts. And to Mark Daniels - what can we say...psycho-social support through some bumpy moments, and a list of musical gifts that kept a smile on our faces and hope in our hearts, and coming through as celebrant last moment (thanks to Sofka for the structure to put that together, and the encourgagement over the years). My own personal thanks to Tan - you know, I don't have to tell you.

To everyone who could make it - *thank you* for making the (official) start of our life together one of the best memories either of us can think of. It was a great night (though, sorry I jumped straight into controversial songs after the band :) ). To those who could not make it, we know you would have if you could have, and we also know we have some fun times in the future. 

We give you Rev. Daniel's radio dedication to us for your listening pleasure. 

https://www.mixcloud.com/totallywiredradio/high-mighty-dfoe-081023


<iframe width="100%" height="120" src="https://player-widget.mixcloud.com/widget/iframe/?hide_cover=1&feed=%2Ftotallywiredradio%2Fhigh-mighty-dfoe-081023%2F" frameborder="0"></iframe>

If I've left anyone out, please know it's only my brain, not my heart, that is messing up - all of you are deeply appreciated and we will see you soon on our honeymoon year! (yes, year...because). 
